CSS value intro sentence position (#44833)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/border-top-color/index.md

border-top-color: unset;
```

### Values

> This property is specified as a single value:

Reviewer: In these cases, you sometimes say "a single value" and sometimes say "one value". Choose one, and make it consistent.

> This property is specified as a single value:

Author: ```suggestion
This property is specified as one `<color>` value:
```
